the first mass protest of 2024 and the
UK's 7eventh National demo since the
start of Israel's war on Gaza was
another enormous Gathering more than an
hour after the head of the March had
begun moving the back of the
demonstration had not yet passed the
starting point we're here today to show
that even though it's a new year um we
have not forgotten Palestine
Palestinians have been um fighting for
our Liberation for 100 Years and we're
ready to fight this year and for 100
more years um until Palestine is free
people have come from all over the UK
we've seen a group from abeni that's 150
Mi to the west of here in Wales we've
also seen people from Lincoln in the
East Newcastle in the north and and
Brighton on the south coast as well the
sentiment here very clearly ceas F out
if you see what's happening in Gaza
there's no question about why you have
to you have to show
solidarity along the Route the Marchers
were joined by little Amal
a 3 and 1/2 M tall puppet created in
solidarity with the child refugees of
the Syrian War now lending support to
the children killed wounded and
displaced by the Gaza War it was a broad
spectrum of anti-war pro Palestinian
sentiment among them British Jewish
groups appalled at the Israeli
government's actions veteran campaigners
alongside young activists and several
speakers praised South Africa's efforts
to bring Israel to the international
court of justice
eyes now are on the icj the
international court of justice but the
only place that we have never been
failing is the people and this is the
power of the people people are coming
out to demand one thing that the
government listen there must be a cisa
that cisa has to be now immediate
permanent and comprehensive uh the
circumstances on the ground in Gaza are
horrendous and we need action now so
that's the message that's been delivered
at these demonstrations today there is a
sense that International public opinion
is having an impact is putting
irresistible political pressure on
International leaders and is forcing
even Israel's allies to question their
positions and while the Carnage
continues the calls for a ceasefire will
only get louder Paul Brennan Al jazer
London make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer